Software Design Document.
PDFBox know issues and fixes.

Written By: Wright State University CEG-4110-01 Group 6. Assigned to Ahmed Alsaedi as Task.

1 Introduction
This document will provide details about the design of PDFBox know issues and fixes project, will provide a documented changes and new class creation.

System Overview
PDFBox is PDF document creation Java tool by Apache, it is an open source project and very popular with over 580 forks in GitHub, the project comes with various of know issues and improvement opportunities.

Design Considerations
The issues that are being addressed in this design are know project issues centered around text format, fonts, image import and export..etc.
Assumption and Dependencies:
This project will depend on the existing library and will create new classes to fillful the requirement.


General Constraints:
The original project is very broad and with many know issues, creating new classes that will work with existing library can be challenging.
Goals and Guidelines:
Fulfill the project requirements, maintain the original project integrity, keep up the new customer requirements without creating any new problems.
Development Methods:
The team will be using IntelliJ and Eclipse, cloning the original project for the GitHub Repository, build the project and add the classes based on the requirements, once a requirement is fulfilled, the version of the project is pushed and pull request is created and assigned for a Team member to review and approve ( Team member cannot approve their own pull requests)



Architectural Strategies:
The Project requirements are as followed.
-Req. 1.0
The Back Enhanced PDFBOX System (BEPS) shall provide a mechanism for users to annotate existing PDF documents with text.
-Req 1.1
In annotations composed of text, the user shall be able to specify the font of each glyph in the text from a set of at least two different fonts.
-Req 1.1.1
The BEPS shall include at least two different user selectable fonts.
-Req 2.0
The BEPS shall provide users with a mechanism to highlight existing text in PDF documents
-Req 3.0
A GUI shall be implemented to allow users to draw lines on the document
Based on the requirements, weakly tasks were created and assigned to team members to complete.
Action 1- create group GitHub account and assigne all team members as contributors. – Completed
Action  2- Produce code to generate a PDF with Times New Roman – Completed.
Action 3- Annotate a PDF with a pre-defined string Action – Pending.
Action 4 - Produce code to generate the "Hello World" PDF, but have it also contained an image- Completed.
Action 5 - finishing up image annotation- Pending

Action 6 - Create Design Document- Pending

Action 7- Modify Add Image to take in a page number to add the image to. If the document is shorter than the input number, more pages shall be added to accommodate.- Pending

Action 8: Create AddLine class that takes in two coordinates and a page number as an input-Pending.

Action 9- Create UI for Font selection while creating a PDF document.





